1.Description about code: The railway reservation system facilitates the passengers to enquiry about the trains available on the basis of source and destination booking  and cancellation of tickets, enquiry about the status of the booked ticket, etc. The aim of case study is to design and develop a data base maintaining records of        different trains, train status and passengers.This project contains introduction to the railways reservation system. It is the computerized system of reserving the  seats of train seats in advance. It is mainly used for a long route. Online reservation has made the process for the reservation of seats very much easier than ever before. In our country India, there are number of counters for the reservation of the seats and one can easily make reservations and get tickets. Railway reservation system, has described above, can lead to error free, secure, reliable and fast management system.Thus it will help organization it better utilization of resources.Administrator of the project, with the help of a password, can enter new train record, display all train records, modify train records and delete train records. The record of train include its number, name, source, destination, and days on which it is available, whereas record of train status includes dates for which tickets can be booked, total number of seats available, and number of seats already booked.                                                                    2.Objective: The main objective of the Railway reservation system is goingfor online ticket booking.the following steps are are:                                                      1.The first step is to provide the total number of passengers and submit all the necessary details of the passengers.                                                    2.Train,Booking,Seat, Ticket.It manages all in the formationabout Train,Customer,Ticket,Train.                                                                            3.The project is totaly built at administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access.                                                            4.The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for managing the Train, Booking, Customer,Payment.                              5.It tracks all the details about the Payment,Seat,Ticket.                                                                                                    3.SPACE AND TIME COMPLEXITY:                                                                                                                                              TIME COMPLEXITY: The time complexity that requiresO(n)space complexity.it is simpler to write and debug and more importantly there no loops!                              SPACE COMPLEXITY: O(n) in space complexity.                                                                                                                                4.SWOT ANALYSIS: STRENGTHS:Check the avialbulity of the ticket easy to book trin tickets to this potral.                                                                  WEAKNESSES:Due to defacult seat selection there mite be inproper seat allocated.                                                                                         Opportunities:Extensive penetration of smart phone technology.and Growing tourisam.                                                                                       4. W'S and 1H': WHO:Railway passenger can use the system.  WHAT: Book a ticket online. WHEN:When people wanna travel through train they can use a system.                 WHERE:Every user who is having internet security on thir pc(or)on their mobile can use a system. HOW:And they can testing.                                               5.HIGH LEVEL REQUIREMENT:1.Name of passenger should be mentioned and Implemented.                                                                                               2. Allocated Class:Slepper Class mentioned and Implemented 3.Source place channal and Destion place channal is mentioned and Impleted.4.Boarding time is mentioned.       5.Total bill amount is mentioned and implemented.6.Allocated seats are is mentioned and implemented.                                                                6.LOW LEVEL REQUIREMENTS:1.To track live location of the train.                                                                                                                                    2.Platform number should be mentioned after selecting the boarding station.                                                                                              3.Cash back will provide for first online ticket booking.
